git-merge-base: add page (#9382)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-merge-base.md

# git merge-base

> Find a common ancestor of two commits.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-merge-base>.

> - Output a best common ancestor of two commits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the best common ancestor of two commits:
```

> `git merge-base {{commit_1}} {{commit_2}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git merge-base {{commit1}} {{commit2}}`
```

Author: The page for git-range-diff also uses underscores, so I added these for consistency. Should I remove them here and also change the other page (in a separate PR maybe)?

Reviewer: Leave as-is.

Reviewer: There is no rule, but I think we don't use `_` in most cases.

Reviewer 2: > The page for git-range-diff also uses underscores, so I added these for consistency. Should I remove them here and also change the other page (in a separate PR maybe)?

All pages should be consistent, and not just some of them in this case. Numbering it's what can be automatically fixed via regex substitutions via Bash script.

> - Output all best common ancestors of two commits:

Reviewer: `best` can only be 1.
```suggestion
- Print all merge bases for two commits:
```

Author: In the way git weighs merge bases, there actually can be two "best" ones, which means two of the same quality. But I agree that the wording is confusing, so maybe "all suitable" should be used?

Reviewer: Ok

> `git merge-base --all {{commit_1}} {{commit_2}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git merge-base --all {{commit1}} {{commit2}}`
```

Reviewer 3: Why not commit_hash instead

Author: I think the git subcommand pages are not consistent in this matter, but the majority uses just commit.

Reviewer 2: > I think the git subcommand pages are not consistent in this matter, but the majority uses just commit.

It means that consistency should be fixed. For instance we can write script to do that like in #9578 PR.

> - Return 0 if the first commit is an ancestor of the second commit, else 1:

Reviewer: We use `check` for validations. Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Check if a commit is an ancestor of a specific commit:
```

> `git merge-base --is-ancestor {{commit_1}} {{commit_2}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
`git merge-base --is-ancestor {{ancestor_commit}} {{commit}}`
```
